README.md, before:

### HTTP FILE SERVER in GOlang

![Screenshot](http://tempointeractiu.net/file_server/screenshot.png)


I'm learning golang, and this is the first app I build, just for 
get inside the code. Missed and ugly tool for sysadmins, once, up and runing, 
shares current folder and subfolders via http, allowing uploading files, and 
on future file operations ( delete, rename, edit )

Start from commandline:

> file_server 
>  -dir="directory" ( default to current . )
>  -port=":8080"
>  -log=true/false show console logs...

And browser your system or server at:

http://localhost:8080

Donwload some builds:

http://tempointeractiu.net/file_server/



##### @Todo

+ ~~Add some type of flahs session, to notify user after an upload~~
+ ~~Add the current path, and a direct acces to parent path~~
- Add file operations, like ~~delete~~, move or uncompress zip files..
- Refactor code, i'm building as learning golang.
- Add options for not allowing uploads
- Add options for not allowing file deletion.


##### Changelog

###### v0.5
+ Added version number
+ File deleting operations

Commit message:

important refactor in branch devel

README.md, after:

### HTTP FILE SERVER in GOlang

v0.9. Big code refactor (UI) using angular and port of almost all methods to 
api-json. 
At the momment only compatible with Browsers with xmlhttprequest 2.0 (firefox,safari,chrome) not tested in ie10, v0.9 is in branch devel.


--
I'm learning golang, and this is the first app I build, just for 
get inside the code. Missed and ugly tool for sysadmins, once, up and runing, 
shares current folder and subfolders via http, allowing uploading files, and 
on future file operations ( delete, rename, edit )

Start from commandline:

> file_server 
>  -dir="directory" ( default to current . )
>  -port=":8080"
>  -log=true/false show console logs...

And browser your system or server at:

http://localhost:8080



##### @Todo

+ ~~Add some type of flahs session, to notify user after an upload~~
+ ~~Add the current path, and a direct acces to parent path~~
- ~~Add file operations, like delete, move or~~ uncompress zip files..
- Big code refactor to milestone 1.0.
    - PACKAGE filsistem json .. with common operations... 
    - Frontend
- Add some kind of authentification
- Add some kind of permisions...
- Review log system.


##### Changelog

###### v0.9
+ Big refactor using Angular for frontend and api calls for actions

###### v0.5
+ Added version number
+ File deleting operations
